hey YouTube it's ICU and today I have
some more news on the iphone 5 nano
rumors so I've opposed to overhear my
website best tech infocom I will have a
link to this post in the more info so
you guys can check it out there so the
title of the post is iphone nano to have
no internal storage and will use
cloud-based storage so here is a concept
image that I've drawn inside of
Photoshop I actually showed you guys
this image right here yesterday when I
made my other video on the new iphone 5
nano rumors well now I'm including it in
this because as you can see there is the
mobileme cloud right there and I thought
that it just worked because again it
will not feature any internal storage it
will basically sync everything to the
mobile meet cloud so I'm going to go
ahead and just read it to you guys again
word for word basically because it is a
short article so sources close to cult
of mac have informed them that the
iphone 5 nano which apple is rumored to
be working on will eliminate the need of
internal storage and will instead rely
on cloud-based content so here is a
quote Apple had to figure out a way to
strip out some of the components to
reduce both size and cost Apple decided
to lose some of the memory which is by
far the most expensive component of the
iphone up to one-quarter of the devices
cost according to i supply estimates by
some of the memory we mean all of the
memory the iphone nano will have no
memory on board for storage of media our
sources say it will only have enough
memory to buffer media streamed from the
cloud i'm talking strictly storage
memory here the report also adds that
there's going to be some sort of
on-board storage for the system
operating system and system caching and
perhaps photos and videos taken from the
camera now while i said that it could
also actually store the photos and the
videos on to your mobileme account as
well and sync them up to the cloud I
don't know if you guys remember but I
made a video while back talking about
this new sort of cloud-based mobileme
service that Apple is estimated to
launch here pretty soon so that might be
one of the new features of it is that
you can actually basically simply store
your videos and pictures online on the
mobileme cloud other than that it will
rely entirely on the new revamped
mobileme service for uploading and
streaming content which is basically
what i just said there so here is
another quote the device cannot surely
come without any memory what about the
operating system and crucial system data
and what about pictures and movies taken
by the iphone assuming the iphone has a
camera no onboard memory means that the
photos and video will have to be
streamed up to the cloud and presumably
in real time which is again what I said
before so and basically I just go on to
say to be sure to bookmark this website
because I do make post daily and you
guys can check it out for all the latest
news that is relevant and is important
for all of you guys out there who like
to hear about Apple and about
jailbreaking and hacking your idevices
so I hope you guys liked this video
please let me know what you think in the
comment section below and also rate it
up and subscribe if you aren't already
this is ICU signing out